Docs: Add surveys to JS docs (#7591)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/libraries/js/index.mdx

To check flag status for a different group, first switch the active group by calling `posthog.group()`.

## Surveys

> [Surveys](/docs/surveys) presented as popovers are automatically handled depending on your customization and targeting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Surveys](/docs/surveys) presented as [popovers](/docs/surveys/creating-surveys#display-mode) are automatically handled depending on your customization and targeting.
```

Author: Rewrote to clarify

> Surveys in API mode must be implemented manually. This starts by fetching active surveys using the following methods with a callback function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Surveys using the API display mode enable you to Implement your own survey UI and use PostHog to handle display logic, capturing results, and analytics.

This starts by fetching active surveys using the following methods with a callback function:
```

```js-web
// Fetch enabled surveys for the current user
posthog.getActiveMatchingSurveys(callback, forceReload) 

// Fetch all surveys
posthog.getSurveys(callback, forceReload)
```

> This returns an array of survey objects with keys like `id`, `name`, `description`, `linked_flag_key`, `questions`, and more. Surveys are also cached by default. To force a reload, pass `true` as the second parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The response is cached by default. To force a reload, pass `true` as the `forceReload` argument.

The response an array of survey objects that look like this:

\`\`\
{
  "id": "new",
  "name": "Net promoter score (NPS)",
  "description": "",
  "type": "api",
  "linked_flag_key": null,
  "targeting_flag_key": null,
  "questions": [
    {
      "type": "rating",
      "question": "How likely are you to recommend us to a friend?",
      "description": "",
      "display": "number",
      "scale": 10,
      "lowerBoundLabel": "Unlikely",
      "upperBoundLabel": "Very likely"
    }
  ],
  "conditions": null,
  "start_date": null,
  "end_date": null
}
\`\`\`

```

To check flag status for a different group, first switch the active group by calling `posthog.group()`.

## Surveys

> [Surveys](/docs/surveys) launched with [popover presentation](/docs/surveys/creating-surveys#display-mode) are automatically shown to users matching the targeting you set up.

Reviewer: hyperlink "targeting" to the survey docs section, so it's clear what exactly we mean by it

Surveys using the **API** presentation enable you to implement your own survey UI and use PostHog to handle display logic, capturing results, and analytics.

> This starts by fetching active surveys using the following methods with a callback function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To implement **API** surveys, start by  fetching active surveys for a user using either of the methods below:
```

```js-web
// Fetch enabled surveys for the current user
posthog.getActiveMatchingSurveys(callback, forceReload) 

// Fetch all surveys
posthog.getSurveys(callback, forceReload)
```

> The response is cached by default. To force a reload, pass `true` as the `forceReload` argument.
> 
> The response an array of survey objects that look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response returns an array of survey objects and is cached by default. To force a reload, pass `true` as the `forceReload` argument.

The survey objects look like this:
```

```json
[{
  "id": "your_survey_id",
  "name": "Your survey name",
  "description": "Metadata describing your survey",

>   "type": "api", // can be either "api" or "popover"

Reviewer: or feedback? Not sure, havent seen the implementation of it

Author: Just checked, it will be `"widget"`
